Add definitions of observability backend and frontend to glossary (#7192)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/concepts/glossary.md

Short form for [OpenCensus](#opencensus).

### Observability backend

The component of an observability platform that is responsible for receiving,
processing, storing, and querying telemetry data. Examples include open source
tools like [Jaeger] and [Prometheus], as well as commercial offerings.
OpenTelemetry is not an observability backend.

### Observability frontend

> The component of an observability platform that provides user interfaces for
> visualizing and analyzing telemetry data. It is often part of an observability
> backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component of an observability platform that provides user interfaces for
visualizing and analyzing telemetry data. It can often be often a part of an
observability backend, particularly when considering commercial offerings.
```
